Some suggested updates for clarity/context (#3814)
phoenixframework/phoenix: guides/telemetry.md

instrument your own functions using `:telemetry`. Let's take
a closer look at how Telemetry works in your application.

## Overview

> The `[:telemetry]` library allows us to emit events at various stages of an application's lifecycle. It allows us to respond to these events by, among other things, aggregating them as metrics and reporting them for visualization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `[:telemetry]` library allows you to emit events at various stages of an application's lifecycle. You can then respond to these events by, among other things, aggregating them as metrics and sending the metrics data to a reporting destination.
```

Telemetry stores events by their name in an ETS table, along with the handler for each event. Then, when a given event is executed, Telemetry looks up its handler and invokes it.

> Phoenix's Telemetry tooling provides us with a supervisor that uses `Telemetry.Metrics` to define the list of Telemetry events to handle and how to handle those events, i.e. how to structure them as a certain type of metric. This supervisor works together with a Telemetry reporter to respond to the specified Telemetry events by aggregating them as the appropriate metric and sending them to the correct reporting destination. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Phoenix's Telemetry tooling provides you with a supervisor that uses `Telemetry.Metrics` to define the list of Telemetry events to handle and how to handle those events, i.e. how to structure them as a certain type of metric. This supervisor works together with Telemetry reporters to respond to the specified Telemetry events by aggregating them as the appropriate metric and sending them to the correct reporting destination.
```

> &#x2015; `Telemetry.Metrics`

The Telemetry.Metrics package provides a common interface

> for defining metrics. It exposes a set of [five metric type functions](https://hexdocs.pm/telemetry_metrics/0.4.1/Telemetry.Metrics.html#module-metrics) that are responsible for structuring a given Telemetry event as a particular measurement.

Reviewer: Let's link to the latest version, since it's already moved to `0.4.2` :)
```suggestion
for defining metrics. It exposes a set of [five metric type functions](https://hexdocs.pm/telemetry_metrics/Telemetry.Metrics.html#module-metrics) that are responsible for structuring a given Telemetry event as a particular measurement.
```

> The package
> does not perform any aggregation of the measurements itself. Instead, it provides a reporter with the Telemetry event-as-measurement definition and the reporter uses that definition to perform aggregations and report them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package does not perform any aggregation of the measurements itself. Instead, it provides a reporter with the Telemetry event-as-measurement definition and the reporter uses that definition to perform aggregations and report them.
```

aggregate the measurements (data) into metrics to provide
meaningful information about your application.

> For example, if the following `Telemetry.Metrics.summary/2` call is added to the `metrics/0` function of your Telemetry Supervisor:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if the following `Telemetry.Metrics.summary/2` call is added to the `metrics/0` function of your Telemetry supervisor:
```

```elixir
summary("phoenix.endpoint.stop.duration",
  unit: {:native, :millisecond}
)
```

> Then the reporter will attach a listener for the `"phoenix.endpoint.stop.duration"` Telemetry event and will respond to this event by calculating a summary metric with the given event metadata and reporting on that metric to the appropriate source.

Reviewer: At this point it should be pretty clear that we're talking about Telemetry events, so we can drop the additional descriptor.

```suggestion
Then the reporter will attach a listener for the `"phoenix.endpoint.stop.duration"` event and will respond to this event by calculating a summary metric with the given event metadata and reporting on that metric to the appropriate source.
```
